Feature: Implement useAppTitle prop (#487)
MapsPeople/web-ui: packages/map-template/CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [1.72.0] - 2025-03-10

### Added

> - New `useAppTitle` prop that Specifices if the app should use title defined by appConfig object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New `useAppTitle` prop that specifies if the Map Template should set the document title as defined in the App Config.
```
